labs/first-challenge/README.md, before:

First Code Challenge
====================

This is the first challenge in your Advanced Programming Class.

1. Solve the [Length of a Nested Array](https://edabit.com/challenge/yXSTvCNen2DQHyrh6) challenge by using the programming language of your choice.
2. Below are some documentation sections that need to be updated. Those are required for the processor to build and execute your code.
3. Certainly, this problem is already solved in the web, so we recommend you to solve it by your own without consulting others solutions.
4. This is a exploratory excersice that will help the professor to adapt the labs and challenges for the course.
3. Have fun and come prepared on next class.

Build Requirements
------------------
```
# Build Requirements here
```


How to build
------------
```
# instructions here
```


How to Run
----------
```
# instructions here
```


General instructions
--------------------
1. Don't forget to sync first with the base [master](https://github.com/CodersSquad/ap-labs) branch.
2. Push your code to your personal fork.
3. Don't forget to update this `README.md` file with your project's `requirements`, `build` and `how to run` sections.
4. Have fun and don't forget the next section.


How to submit your work
=======================
```
GITHUB_USER=<your_github_user>  make submit
```
More details at: [Classify API](../../classify.md)

Commit message:

First challenge in Scheme
Signed-off-by: Martin Guevara <A01632780qitesm.mx>

labs/first-challenge/README.md, after:

First Code Challenge
====================

This is the first challenge in your Advanced Programming Class.

1. Solve the [Length of a Nested Array](https://edabit.com/challenge/yXSTvCNen2DQHyrh6) challenge by using the programming language of your choice.
2. Below are some documentation sections that need to be updated. Those are required for the processor to build and execute your code.
3. Certainly, this problem is already solved in the web, so we recommend you to solve it by your own without consulting others solutions.
4. This is a exploratory excersice that will help the professor to adapt the labs and challenges for the course.
3. Have fun and come prepared on next class.

Build Requirements
------------------
```
# Format of input:
((1 (s))) output 2
(1 2 3) output 3 

Language: Scheme

```


How to build
------------
```
# I use two functions native of scheme:
car: return the top of the array
cdr: return the complement of the top
after this we made a loop in order to see the array.
```


How to Run
----------
```
# Download  chez Scheme, copy the code
and call the function in order to prove it
```


General instructions
--------------------
1. Don't forget to sync first with the base [master](https://github.com/CodersSquad/ap-labs) branch.
2. Push your code to your personal fork.
3. Don't forget to update this `README.md` file with your project's `requirements`, `build` and `how to run` sections.
4. Have fun and don't forget the next section.


How to submit your work
=======================
```
GITHUB_USER=<your_github_user>  make submit
```
More details at: [Classify API](../../classify.md)
